Eureka Common ${project.version} -- a library of shared functionality for
Eureka!  Clinical Analytics.  
Department of Biomedical Informatics, Emory University

OVERVIEW

Welcome to Eureka Common! Eureka Commons is a library of shared
functionality for the other modules of the Eureka! Clinical Analytics
project.

WHAT'S NEW

Version 1.8 adds the ability to connect directly to a database as a
data source, in addition to the spreadsheet upload mechanism.  This
change allows Eureka! to pull patient data directly from a data warehouse.
There are also improvements to the phenotype editor and job submission
user interfaces.

Version 1.7 provides the ability to create new types of phenotypes.
Frequency data elements can now specify the first n occurrences as
opposed to just n occurrences.  Value Threshold elements can not
be defined in the "context" of other elements.  The jasig CAS
(Central Authentication Server) was also incorporated into the
infrastructure for greater security and Single Sign-On (SSO) ability.
Other improvements include bug fixes, performance enhancements,
more complete help documentation, and other data element enhancements.

Version 1.6 extends the rudimentary data element editing support
provided in version 1.5 to provide a complete data element editor. You
can specify a relatively complete set of the temporal patterns that
can be specified in the underlying Protempa software.

REQUIREMENTS

The current version requires Java 7. It is known to work with Oracle Java 7, and
it is expected to work with OpenJDK 7 as well. It is incompatible with earlier
versions of Java.

Eureka! Clinical Analytics uses the Maven build system, available from
http://maven.apache.org. You must install maven, if you do not already
have it, to work with the source code. Maven 3 is required.

INSTALLATION

Eureka Common is a module of Eureka! Clinical Analytics and is not
designed to be useful outside of the context of the Eureka!
application. Please see http://aiw.sourceforge.net for installation
instructions.

CONTACTING US

Please send an email to aiwhelp@emory.edu for support or questions.

LICENSING

Eureka Common is freely available as open source under the Apache
License, Version 2.0. A copy of the license is in the LICENSE file
provided in this distribution.

Eureka Common is Copyright (C) 2012 Emory University.

MORE INFORMATION

Please see http://aiw.sourceforge.net for more information and
http://aiw.sourceforge.net/dev/eureka-${project.version} for technical
documentation.
